this turn is called el uno meaning the
one huapi Ando and forward to three
I'm gonna call el uno step forward stop
automatically on one guy's switch it's
gonna be right - right
we're both gonna step back together and
back to 3 automatically on three guys
are gonna hold onto the girls hands
okay so they're gonna be holding on
girls are gonna be in front guys are
gonna be in back now while I'm swinging
and doing a back Rock with my left the
guy is gonna be doing a back Rock with
is right you know doing opposite things
so it's gonna be back 2 3 back 2 3 back
2 3 back 2 3 I'm gonna call Safeway the
guys gonna do one more back Rock swing
over do a Ronde right left right okay
my hand is gonna go directly on top of
the guy's right shoulder we're gonna
start walking just like we did in
condado guys first with the left girls
with the right end one two three
walk walk walk I'm gonna call I'd leave
out one more time girls are gonna face a
guy Arriva guys turn around and walk two
three four five six walk two three and D
Nicanor and one two three four five six
and we're gonna step right back into up
young okay one more time back forward
I'm gonna call and you know step forward
to finish what pianos switch hands back
Rock two three back rach23
back up to three safe way guys go over
the hand
Ronde one two three then walk walk walk
walk 4 5 6 1 2 3 para Riva guys turn in
1 2 3
walk walk walk 1 2 3 and deal Aquino
deal Aquino 4 5 6 back and forward